Docs: Augment Grafana Cloud Migration Assistant docs with troubleshooting, disaster recovery, etc. (#126018)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/administration/migration-guide/cloud-migration-assistant/_index.md

To use the Grafana migration assistant, you need:

> - A self-managed Grafana instance.

Reviewer: I think we might want to consider leaving this in as a prerequisite

Upload time depends primarily on the volume of data you're migrating. The process is optimized for speed and typically takes seconds to minutes rather than hours. In production migrations, the tool has demonstrated 100% success rates with datasets as large as 4,000 objects.

Most migration operations run asynchronously, so you aren't blocked while a migration is pending and you can perform other tasks on your self-managed instance.

## Rollback and recovery procedures

If issues occur during or after a migration, the following recovery and rollback constraints apply.

### No automated rollback

There is no tool to automatically undo or roll back a migration. If you need to start fresh, you must manually delete the migrated dashboards, folders, and data sources from your Grafana Cloud instance. On a typical migration path, customers migrate to a new Grafana Cloud stack that has not had previous usage.

### Snapshot limitations

> While the tool takes a snapshot, its utility for recovery is limited:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The migration assistant takes a snapshot, but snapshot recovery is limited:
```

Reviewer: I started thinking of "while" here being used as a synonym for "during the time" which made the follow up part of the sentence confusing - I've suggested a small wording change - please let me know if I'm off-base here

- **Single snapshot only**: Only the latest snapshot is available; the system doesn't maintain a history of previous snapshots.

> - **One snapshot at a time**: At most one snapshot exists on your self-managed instance at any given time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **One snapshot at a time**: Only one snapshot exists on your self-managed instance at a time.
```

> ### Handling errors and partial migrations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Resolve errors and partial migrations
```

Reviewer: Suggestion to avoid starting the section title with a gerund

> If a migration results in errors, resolve the issues on your self-managed instance, take a new snapshot, and upload it again. Resources on your Grafana Cloud instance are overwritten by the latest snapshot data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a migration results in errors, resolve the issues on your self-managed instance, take a new snapshot, and upload it again. The latest snapshot overwrites previously migrated resources on your Grafana Cloud instance.
```

Reviewer: Suggestion to remove passive voice

> The migration process is non-destructive to the source. Resources on your self-managed instance aren't modified, which serves as an inherent safety measure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The migration process is non-destructive to the source. Resources on your self-managed instance aren't modified.
```

Reviewer: I think the part I suggested removing is rehashing what's already been stated here

> ## Disaster recovery and resilience

Reviewer: This section has a lot of implementation details that we try to not include in our docs. I'll make some suggestions but I think it ends up being like 2 sentences if we only include practical information reframed around the practical outcomes. I'll add the suggestions and we can go from there

> The Grafana Migration Service (GMS) is designed to recover gracefully from failures during migration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The migration assistant is designed to recover from failures during migration. If a failure occurs during a migration, the migration assistant resumes from where it left off. You don't need to restart the process from the beginning.
```

Reviewer: I also changed the reference from the GMS to the migration assistant - for all intents and purposes I think we can consider them one in the same for the sake of docs and introducing a new phrase might be confusing if there's no practical user-facing difference

> Resilience to crashes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> : GMS uses AWS SQS to distribute work and creates snapshot checkpoints in DynamoDB, allowing it to efficiently pick up where it left off if a crash occurs during a migration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> High availability

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> : The service runs multiple replicas and depends on highly available AWS services to minimize the likelihood of downtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
